It might be the best cutting meal of all time. Welcome to Cooking with DemiGods. One, two, three, go! 🎵 Fuck, what do I look like, a fucking rabbit? It's like, bro, I will fucking, I will, I'll fucking fuck it up. And today we're going to be making ground turkey lettuce wraps. I know that sounds like shit, but this is the best thing that you'll ever have in your life. I'm going to show you guys how to make it. We're going to start off with our veggies. Very simply, we're going to do a red bell pepper. I'm going to use a whole one. Take a chop off the top. Jam your mitts in here. Twisty twist, pull it out. There you go, you got a clean pepper. Chop it down. And then we're just going to... Now, I prefer them diced for this recipe. They're just a strong taste and I just don't want too much pepper in one bite. So thin strips. Slide your peppers into a bowl. Alright, next, lanyan. I'm going to use a whole onion because I love veggies. You're going to take a chunk off the top. We still have the stems attached. The reason why we do that is just because it makes it easier to dice onions. Nice little diced onions. Just got a little... Machine gun bills, that's what they're called. Just everywhere. We're going to toss in a bunch of shredded carrots. That's a lot of veggies. Veggies are prepared. Alright guys, next what we have is one pound of extra lean ground turkey. A little bit of salt. Right in the fucking diaper tray. Ground pepper. This is how fucking bros do. Some garlic powder. We're ready to start cooking. Good looking. I have a wok here. We put it on medium heat. Spray this with some avocado oil. Now obviously, it'd be nice to use oil. We're trying to save calories here. Alright, we'll just let that cook. You don't need to season this because we're going to put some sauces on this after that are going to be enough seasoning for the whole dish. Look at this guy, he's screaming. He wants to get eaten. Yeet. While that's cooking, a little more spray. Multitasking, buddy. What we're going to do is put our ground turkey down. Zero sizzle. Okay, these veggies are done. Put a little soy in them. Just a tinch. Cool, that's done. Take it off. Get our ground turkey here. So right now, we have medium heat. Also, throw some tube ginger in there. The ginger cunt. The reason why I cook them in separate pans and I just don't cook them together is because you'll get some moisture from the ground turkey that I don't want a part of the whole dish. Until the pink is gone, until the stink is gone. Holy fuck. Absorb this with a paper towel. We're just going to combine our turkey. Couple tablespoons of soy sauce. Then, we're going to do a couple tablespoons of thick teriyaki sauce. What I got is a fresh, crispy head of Romaine lettuce. I love head. Make sure you wash your lettuce. I just noticed some grimey cunt grabbed the fucking lettuce. So I was like, oh, you know what? Not today after itching his nuts. There's water everywhere. It's like the last time I hung out with your mom. Place was soaked. Liquid. Okay, so we're going to do them. Scoop up and put it inside. Oh, I'm going to cum. We still got leftovers. That's for your dad. See how cute that is? It might be the best cutting meal of all time.
